README.md, before:

# pyodbc

[![AppVeyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/mkleehammer/pyodbc?branch=master&svg=true&passingText=Windows%20build&failingText=Windows%20build)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/mkleehammer/pyodbc)
[![Github Actions - Ubuntu Build](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/actions/workflows/ubuntu_build.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/actions/workflows/ubuntu_build.yml)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pyodbc?color=brightgreen)](https://pypi.org/project/pyodbc/)

pyodbc is an open source Python module that makes accessing ODBC databases simple.  It
implements the [DB API 2.0](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0249) specification but is
packed with even more Pythonic convenience.

The easiest way to install pyodbc is to use pip:

    pip install pyodbc

On Macs, you should probably install unixODBC first if you don't already have an ODBC
driver manager installed, e.g. using `Homebrew`:

    brew install unixodbc
    pip install pyodbc

Similarly, on Unix you should make sure you have an ODBC driver manager installed before
installing pyodbc.  See the [docs](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/wiki/Install)
for more information about how to do this on different Unix flavors.  (On Windows, the
ODBC driver manager is built-in.)

Precompiled binary wheels are provided for multiple Python versions on most Windows, macOS,
and Linux platforms.  On other platforms pyodbc will be built from the source code.  Note,
pyodbc contains C++ extensions so when building from source you will need a suitable C++
compiler.  See the [docs](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/wiki/Install) for details.

[Documentation](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/wiki)

[Release Notes](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/releases)

IMPORTANT: Python 2.7 support is being ended.  The pyodbc 4.x versions will be the last to
support Python 2.7.  The pyodbc 5.x versions will support only Python 3.7 and above.

Commit message:

Add workaround to babelfish-1354 issue

README.md, after:

# pyodbc

[![AppVeyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/mkleehammer/pyodbc?branch=master&svg=true&passingText=Windows%20build&failingText=Windows%20build)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/mkleehammer/pyodbc)
[![Github Actions - Ubuntu Build](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/actions/workflows/ubuntu_build.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/actions/workflows/ubuntu_build.yml)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pyodbc?color=brightgreen)](https://pypi.org/project/pyodbc/)

# Babelfish patch

`babelfish` branch in this fork includes a patch with a workaround to
[sp_describe_undeclared_parameters problem](https://github.com/babelfish-for-postgresql/babelfish_extensions/issues/1354)
that happens when PyODBC is used with [Babelfish for PostgreSQL](https://babelfishpg.org/).

With this change `SQLDescribeParam` is NOT used by default for `None` arguments. To restore original behaviour new 
`use_describeparam_for_none=True` argument needs to be specified to `pyodbc.connect()` call.

# Original readme

pyodbc is an open source Python module that makes accessing ODBC databases simple.  It
implements the [DB API 2.0](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0249) specification but is
packed with even more Pythonic convenience.

The easiest way to install pyodbc is to use pip:

    pip install pyodbc

On Macs, you should probably install unixODBC first if you don't already have an ODBC
driver manager installed, e.g. using `Homebrew`:

    brew install unixodbc
    pip install pyodbc

Similarly, on Unix you should make sure you have an ODBC driver manager installed before
installing pyodbc.  See the [docs](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/wiki/Install)
for more information about how to do this on different Unix flavors.  (On Windows, the
ODBC driver manager is built-in.)

Precompiled binary wheels are provided for multiple Python versions on most Windows, macOS,
and Linux platforms.  On other platforms pyodbc will be built from the source code.  Note,
pyodbc contains C++ extensions so when building from source you will need a suitable C++
compiler.  See the [docs](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/wiki/Install) for details.

[Documentation](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/wiki)

[Release Notes](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/releases)

IMPORTANT: Python 2.7 support is being ended.  The pyodbc 4.x versions will be the last to
support Python 2.7.  The pyodbc 5.x versions will support only Python 3.7 and above.
